Add companion plate to the sample OME-TIFF page (#117)
ome/ome-model: docs/sphinx/ome-tiff/data.rst

Multi-file OME-TIFF filesets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This section lists various examples of OME-TIFF datasets distributed across
multiple TIFF files.

The first two datasets contain a set of 18 × 24 pixel images with black and
white text on each plane giving its time, z-depth and channel. Each of the
five focal planes is saved as a separate OME-TIFF named
:file:`multifile-Zxx.ome.tiff` where `xx` is the index of the focal plane.

> The third datasets contain a plate with 4 wells at position A2, B1, B3 and C2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third dataset contains a plate with 4 wells at position A2, B1, B3 and C2.
```

The first three wells contain one field of view and the fourth well contains

> 2 fields of views. Each well sampole is saved as a separate OME-TIFF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 fields of view. Each well sampole is saved as a separate OME-TIFF.
```
